We learned what the role of javascript is.
Now let's have a look at the world of javascript.
We have vanilla javascript in the center of this world and with vanilla javascript I mean javascript
without any libraries without any frameworks or any other tools we might know and we will learn about
later.
I'm referring to as 5 javascript javascript does have different words and as 5 simply as the word is
supported by most browsers there is a more recent word in a way little ESX.
I'll come back to this later too.
He has six is not supported by all browsers.
So you typically don't write iOS 6 code and run it like this in browsers nowadays.
But again more on this later.
Let's build a basic app with vanilla Chava script to find out what the restrictions might be and why
this might not be everything we need to build this app.
I'm on Chia's fiddle dot net and JS Fertel dot net simply is just editor in the web so to say which
you don't typically use to build real applications but which is a nice playground where we can write
HVM all javascript and CSSA code and therefore we can simulate the case that we have a server which
sent us back a page single page here and let's write some age HTML code.
The question is which do we want to build.
And I'll start basic creating a simple app.
I want to create a very basic to do app.
So let's start creating this app in the next lecture and then we will gradually enhance it.